Hogan guys now I'm not quite sure what's
more comforting than a nice warm soup on
a cold night
now it's approaching winter autumn down
in the southern hemisphere and I know it
was a bit different up for you
northerners but I've got a terrific
tomato soup recipe I think you'll be
very surprised how easy it is to make
and how how good it tastes in the end so
I hope you guys enjoy it cool beans
we're just going to grab a look a deep
pan or you can use our large pot and
we're just going to put this on a medium
heat and once it's heated up we're going
to stick in a little bit of oil followed
by one medium onion that we've just
diced up roughly and three cloves of
garlic that once again we just chopped
up roughly they don't need to be precise
chopping we're going to blend it later
so it doesn't really matter and to this
we're going to add one carrot and one
stick of celery that we've also just
chopped up
we're just got to cook this on like I
said on medium heat until the carrots go
nice and soft but they hold their shape
and the onions should start and browning
little bit get a little bit golden our
vegetables have been frying away for
around 10-15 minutes so now we can stick
in our stock now I've got two cubes of
chicken stock that I've just dissolved
in a liter of water so we can add this
to our our vegetables here
following this monistic and 1 400 gram
10 of 10 Tomatoes and to this we can
also add 2 tablespoons of tomato paste
if you're adding tomato paste you could
substitute with tomato ketchup or tomato
sauce it'll just add a little bit of our
nicer base to it
following this we're going to stick in 4
large ripe tomatoes now the riper they
are the better so get the really right
ones chop them up roughly and then check
them into the art pan with everything
else give it a stir around and we're
just kind of
bring this to the boil once a tomato
soup is boiling we're just going to turn
it down for it to simmer for around 15
minutes this will just give it a chance
for anything to soften and really
incorporate the flavors together so at
this point we can stick in our salt and
pepper so make sure you season to taste
and I also like to stick in some basil
so get a large handful of fresh basil
just chop it up willy-nilly doesn't need
to be precise and chuck it into our soup
and also I like to personally I like to
stick in a dash of balsamic vinegar
he'll pair really nicely with you
tomatoes give it a nice sweetness to you
to soup
so we can stick in a dash this at the
end just before you get to blend it at
this point your toes so it should be
exactly how you want it so if it's a
little bit but you want to add about a
little bit of sugar likewise you might
want to add a little bit of salt and
pepper so you season to your taste and
then we could stick this into a blender
so blend it all up put it on the high
setting for about a minute it'll be a
nice smooth consistency now if it's too
thick of a serving you're a little bit
more runny err add a little bit more
water and blend it again it'll really
thin it out serve your soup hot a little
bit of our basil on top if you wish some
nice toasted bread a little bit of
butter in there Bob's your uncle so I
really hope you enjoy it you can leave
out certain steps like the celery the
carrots if you want and just stick with
the onion and garlic base that's
entirely up to you but this is a really
simple very very quicker so that can
really warm up those at colder nights so
I hope you guys enjoyed it feel free to
check out any of the other videos I've
got a few links there um I don't let
I'll see you next time